I got, uh, art.
Never that.
See your ass after class. Whoop that ass.
Why didn't you wash your hands
when you were in the bathroom? Jamal, if you ran your hardest,
what would your best game be?
About 230? 240?
If I don't say "Hey" the right way
to Coach, he gonna put me in pink.
Was Malik Henry
on fuckin' time to class today?
Fuck no, he wasn't, motherfucker!
That's the only fuckin' guy
you're responsible for!
The motherfucker's late!
Coach, you want to go back with Malik?
We gotta talk to Coach Brown.
This moment too big for Brandon Bea.
I don't care, dog.
I didn't hear shit.
Latson about to fight Coach Brown.
Go back with Malik?
I don't know. Gotta ask Coach.
Get him off the field.
Hey, shut the fuck up!
You're acting like a two-year-old.
Act like a man!